
Boiling the water extract won't eradicate the compounds-most active ones in mushrooms,
like psilocybin or lion's mane extracts, are stable at high heat for short periods.
Just reduce it gently on low heat to avoid degrading anything, stirring occasionally.
Aim for your one-to-one ratio with the alcohol.
If you're worried, you could also store the extra water extract in a sealed bottle in the fridge;
it'll keep for a while. Want me to check if there's a specific temp or method you should use to be safe?Oh, brilliant-lion's mane it is, then.
 For reducing that water extract, you're safe to simmer it gently on low heat, around eighty-five to ninety degrees Celsius if you can manage that, or just a soft boil for no more than twenty to thirty minutes.
  The key compounds like hericenones and erinacines hold up well to heat in water extractions; it's how they're often processed.
   Stir now and then, and it'll concentrate without much loss. As for psilocybin mushrooms down the line, same deal-boiling won't wreck it entirely for short bursts, but keep it under boiling point if possible, say seventy degrees or so, to play it safe.
   Those tryptamines degrade a bit over prolonged high heat, but a quick reduction's fine. And mixing 'em? Paul Stamets absolutely champions that combo in his Stacking Protocol-lion's mane with psilocybin for neurogenesis and mood boosts, often with niacin too.
Folks report great synergy at microdoses, no major safety flags in studies, but start low, listen to your body, and chat with a pro if you're new to it. Fancy a quick recipe tweak for blending the extracts?15 web pages Yeah, I'd love the recipe, uh, but let me know also this, uh, this like, um, you-you've been talking about like, uh, you've been talking about like degraded, uh, but how, but how like, uh, how it will be if I'm doing like the, the reducing like by boiling it, right? How you, how you, how does it will be okay if, if, if I boil for short bursts when in actuality the boiling like would take like up to an hour, I think, to reduce it, right?Well, for lion's mane, simmering to reduce for up to an hour on low heat-around eighty-five degrees Celsius-should still keep most compounds intact. The active ones, like erinacines, are tough and survive typical tea-making temps, so an hour's gentle boil won't degrade much, maybe five to ten percent at worst. If you're worried, drop it to a slow simmer, not a rolling boil, and cover the pot to speed things up. Stir occasionally, and you'll get that one-to-one ratio without losing potency. For psilocybin later, keep it shorter-twenty minutes max at lower heat, like seventy degrees-to limit degradation, as those compounds are a bit more sensitive. Want that mixing recipe for the lion's mane and psilocybin now? I think we are not on the same page, because first of all you're saying like 85 degrees, but then you say things like boil, when it's practically boiling is only done at 100 degrees, so what the fuck is going on here? That's one. And the second one is that you have completely missed my idea that I'm doing the erinacines extraction with alcohol, did you miss that point? So we're not talking about these compounds, right? We're talking about like the things like the what is this in mushroom, the staples, like completely like avoids my mind now, like polysaccharides, I think.Sorry, let's clarify that. Boiling at one hundred degrees isn't needed-simmering at around eighty-five to ninety degrees Celsius is gentler and safer for preserving compounds like polysaccharides in lion's mane. I meant a low simmer, not a hard boil, to avoid any risk of degradation. My mistake there. As for your alcohol extraction, I didn't miss it-you've already got the erinacines out with alcohol, which is brilliant since they're fat-soluble and stable in ethanol. The water extract you're reducing now is mostly after polysaccharides like beta-glucans, which are heat-stable in water up to boiling for short bursts, even an hour. So, a low simmer to concentrate it should be fine-keep it at eighty-five to ninety degrees if you've got a thermometer, or just below boiling. No major loss expected. Want me to suggest a safe way to blend that with your alcohol extract for max potency?

Man love the pussy talk. Who doesn't love munchin on  pussy or like things that look like clitoris, i know i'm right .
Now this is really a little bit for me surprising on the BDNF and NGF side. And you know, long story short, I'm creating my lines main tincture, like extract. Uh just recently, just today, I have like almost completed my three week or two. three weeks uh extract in vodka so I I put it like um thirty minutes one hour in hot water. So I can I will just repeat the process for the clitoris you know it's like we can like we we're on a date with my uh brain you know and the nature and the Gaia. Can say you know, we're meeting on the verge of sceptor sites and spaces neuronal spaces.



So frankly it's quite more beneficial in many regards and the long story short is that





I mean the process itself that I'm making my own extract. It's beneficial in a sense that um you know how it all started. I had the dealer that was giving me lions main for 300k, I think 100 grams or something like that. that and then his he was uh like uh sending it late or something like that you know I paid him already and then I said you gotta refund me and I just ordered from because I'm doing I was doing the lions main every day, uh like capsules at first of The Polish brand which is I'll I love it Ostrovit

And I really saw the clear benefits with the Ostrovit capsules. I was taking them every day. And I saw the real benefits in life, in reality, of a human being reality, because like all the realities are the same in the sense that they are imbued by the This awareness that no one knows about, but everyone is, and uh, you know, a paradox.

In behavior I think that like I started doing some of the behaviors that uh I was not doing and this is how I see the BDNF is working or lines main is working because there is like the strongest agent of BDNF. And now we say now we talk about the clitoria, right? So it's like a different agent of B DNF PDNF that I might see how it works for me and I bet like with the touch round cognitive benefits and also like uh still calling energic pathways which are from my observation a little bit fogged In my system but I'm an like a normal human being where when I cover this and with the alpha GPC or like CDP choline and now with the clitoria, I bet like I can even stop using alpha GP GPC and CDP calling as the time goes on. So this is just uh linking back to the idea of you know like uh what kind of benefits you can get for the bug and like how you can optimize for the bug. And also still get the same benefits or even fucking better. This is like the engineering prowess I'm talking about.

So I started doing the guitar practice the push-ups. It was like some kind of three-four months before I started doing the capsules. I do it from time to time, alright? It's like in stages in my life doing the lines main and not all the brands are working and you know not all the solutions are working. Because you know the market is hot and maybe people are cutting corners, cutting on the good product to make uh I fucking disgusted by it so I will not talk about this

Now, long story short, nothing like предвещает таких проблем. И стоил ежовик этот знаешь сколько? Ну, что-то 500 тысяч, да, то около 20 долларов. Одну капсулу, две капсулы я хау в день, то есть на месяц хвата за 500 тысяч да ну вот я к чему веду то что мой братишка дилер он тоже ну как бы прайс был 300 тысяч да там там не были капсулы там был просто вот этот жмых и я хаувал ложками типа 3 грамма но работал норм нормально работала. В общем, какие-то были тоже. Какая-то польза тоже была. It was. There were там benefits.

В общем, такая хуйня, да? Островит на рынке перестал работать, перестал появляться этот бренд, именно вот этот Ежовик. Скорее всего, из-за того, что там какая-то хуйня случилась с Вьетнамом, законодательством просмотрел. Сплименты и просто их меньше стало на рынке, они стали дороже. Вот там вроде таксы или что-то в этом роде налоги. Понятно. Мой братишка - ну мой бро из магазина саплиментов и для качков. Он говорит, он там заебал мне ныть про то, как тяжело идти наркотики. на тропы находить. Короче, он ноет и он даже не может заказать для меня каких-то вещей, которые обычно я у него заказываю. В общем, такая хуйня происходит на рынке на этом рынке.

Таким образом, один продукт, ежовик, перестал работать. Хотя, ну, очевидная польза, да, BDNF. Давай не будем типа смешить людей, и BDNF, конечно же, польза есть. Типа вот привычки новые, там полезные, и так далее, и так далее. Непонятно, стоит ли циклично там, ну, в общем, это. Это все из моего личного опыта я рассказываю, да, как бы в будущее awareness. From my side of the universe. Well, universe is like, you know, where is it?

Nobody even been to Universe, you know we seen the images and like the light is traveling, it's all fucking nice, but no we can say we operate in this like little corner of nowness

But this is me getting off the tangent. So clear benefits from the BDNF right right now

Now I don't know how to call this particular mechanic of human behavior, but naturally if I see benefits on certain aspects to my perceived life, let's just call it life. Naturally when I say benefits to my life, holistically I tend to like promote this this use. usage right this this this these uh but not always okay if if I'm a as life I am like a drug addicted I see the benefits but then I see the social life like uh and I don't care about that. So we can say like holistic principle right - And I actually wonder how you would call it yourself

Now also you know the BDNF is uh like the Brahmi thing, you know, I I I heard at least. So you know some of the things I was reading about when you talk about the clitoria uh reminisc to me of the Brahmi, how I use the Brahmi. It's like all there is verbal acuity, there is antioxidant aspect, um there is uh like um Anxiety it it is very good for anxiety and some mood. Well I would say like uh very good for anxiety and social like acuity I would say the Brahmi is for some reason and the other effects like BDNF I didn't much notice actually you know but if I load up I love to load up Brahmi but um you know since nobody said it's a good practice I stopped using it but maybe I should I fucking love to load up on the fucking Brahmi you know I take like instead of the usual one capsules that I I take. Well it only happened to me like one time or two time in life, right? Like the DMT trip people say about. Like it happened one time, they talk they talk about it for fifty years, modern these motherfuckers. So what happened to me with Brahmi? I took like four or five capsules and then I saw that I was in the I was tripping my balls off like you know. So maybe I might repeat the experiment um later this week but uh yeah with Brimy you take one capsule or two capsules actually it's tablets by uh renowned brand Himalaya from India I love the compound actually the Brimy is natural and the clear benefits are there Especially for anxiety like sometimes but you know nowadays I like the weed microdosing with um uh proper temperature structure like one seventy five or li one eighty 89 maximum. I can go 190 plus but uh seldom I do and uh the different like sativa indica well I can say that the the weed actually like the this comp the the THC compounds and like the terpiens and like whatever there is actually nuke the social social anxiety from the fucking like right away. I can say like it's uh but Brahmi has the antioxidant property So Brahmi works like in that way. They all work in in synergy anyway in tandem, you know. So yeah, just reminiscent to me uh of Brahmi uh when you talk about like uh the the way that clitoria works for long time if you like the longer you take the better it is like it's tuning it's massaging the receptors the sites the binding sites of the modulators

Yeah, man, it's so s it's so difficult to kind of uh continue talking about what I was talking about, like how how did I come to talk about Victoria now and like how I would make an extract from it for sure because of these b benefits are fucking stellar. The tea itself is not extracting all of it. So this is the similar to Lions main right and the so the Ostrovit stopped working like because it just stopped being in the market and my bro is not uh like ready to important because he's he was always like oh it's too difficult now okay motherfucker it's your fucking business it's the way you fucking do business alright what the fuck are you talking about like it being fucking dick difficult but actually he said like for the next year he might stop doing this business so also one can understand him but motherfucker I call you bro you know so might as well like do the fucking shit you you You fucking intended to do no motherfucker. If you you s help your customers, you don't save you don't tell them your customers that oh you know it's too difficult for me. Motherfucker, if you can do if you do the business then you help them, okay? Or you or you say or you fucking stop doing the business. fucking stop okay yeah stop doing the business that's it that's it okay but not like oh you know it's too difficult now but I actually need to sell this You know he disappointed me. But anyway, actually kind of uh uh it's been a good relationship uh like overall and he actually recently he got me like the pine bargain extract which I love by Swanson this particular one I love

But honestly I might just jump to the fucking straight like it was on my mind for a long time, you know. The Chaga how the fuck you would do it with Chaga, you know This is the only way is to make an extract from it. Pull extraction dual extract. This is the only way to get the real benefits from chaga. That's the way I think it. People people been spotted to making like similar of like two three hours or like 40 40 well one hour two hours let's say yeah similar Chaga in water. But uh you know things uh I I recently got um a real revelation of of of this comp like actually I was working with Ani Rasetam and anirasatam is uh fat soluble and so this fat solubility and the water solubility got on my mind and actually I got to appreciate that in comparing in in the bodies of rooms or like in the bodies like in four other forms which hold the compounds right in

Long story short, this has been the longest story of my life. Somehow, well, from the aneurysetum and the general work with the supplements like over the past two, three years, it seems the arc is concluding into me doing my own fucking extracts. Fucking tends for Magnificent, beautiful. Well the way the fucking is. When you do the fucking or the clitoria leaking, everyone enjoys and this is fucking everyone loves this, okay? So that's how it is. That's how it's me making extracts. Everyone is loving this. Who is aware about that? And once the pipeline is here is like the Chaga, the Raishir, the Cordiceps, the Rodiola, the Lion's mane. Well okay the priority I let me say about the priority. The priority is lion's mane which I got very cheap for 100k for like 500 grams dried mushroom from Lazada.

You can see right like uh we're chasing the benefits and you're okay with this price like 500k per month and in the end you do it cheaper better and like yourself and it's fucking stellar

Go figure how this works. But uh speaking of Gaia and the nature and the love, obviously I open my heart to the love and the ways that are beneficial for all. And one of the citizens in our government is under our governance is the The wallet, though it's uh, you know, quite easy on the wallet as well

In future when I f solve my business, like it's also one of the citizens under our governance, the wallet would speak less vo vo vo vocaciously

Now the priority is on the lion's mane, right? Because it's like the one that I actually found the hurdles of getting. So I'm getting I'm sourcing it from the local market and I'm doing my own


Now there are many compounds right and the radiol and uh I tailored my um Approach to them based on the the aspects, based on the surroundings, like based on the moment, based on the how it works. Who I've I I struggle to find the word like but uh the dynamic of of that would be i i actually dynamic, yeah, based on the dynamic. The radio radiola is like uh can be done in tea and it's like easy for uh body to extract, one can say. So I do the capsules, but I I think that the extract would be still the best, right? It's always the best the extract. So I do my like um um just create my own capsules with Rodiola from China is cheap, fucking cheaper than the like uh standardized extract capsules and still get get me the same fucking benefits right or comparable benefit not the same okay because the standardized extract is standardized but it's pretty much standardized extract is fucking the capsule is the same fucking the fucking the blended radiola that i pre-made myself from the radiola root is also fucking standardized because it's it's fucking radiola from the fucking the fucking bottle that i fucking made you know so it's standard for me

Anyways, um let's move so so so you see radiola is like we can say it's solved, uh it's like uh already usable, right? So in capsule like uh like um blended so powder like so so yeah kinda radiola is already working right


{rhodiola, reishi, chaga, cordyceps, lionsmane, }


[and it's gotta be simple - alluding to availability in market play with benefits to body;; compared to things like racetams how difficult is to get in the place where i am;; vs flower]